=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

PostScript::DecodeGlyphName - PostScript glyph name to Unicode conversion

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 use PostScript::GlyphToUnicode file => '/usr/doc/PostScript/aglfn13.txt';
 print PostScript::GlyphToUnicode::map('Euro'), "\n";

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module implements (most of) the PostScript glyph name to Unicode codepoint
conversion algorithm as described by Adobe at
L<http://partners.adobe.com/asn/tech/type/unicodegn.jsp>.

To do something more than marginally useful with this module you will need to
download the S<Adobe Glyph List> from
L<http://partners.adobe.com/asn/tech/type/glyphlist.txt>.

=head1 INTERFACE

=head2 parse_adobeglyphlist

This function parses an S<Adobe Glyph List> file and returns true on success.
On failure, it returns false and supplies an error message in the package
variable C<$ERROR>. It expects its first argument to specify how to retrieve
the data. The following options exist:

=over 4

=item C<file>

Takes the name of a file containing the S<Adobe Glyph List>.

=item C<fh>

Takes a filehandle reference that should be open on a file containing the
S<Adobe Glyph List>.

=item C<array>

Takes an array reference. Each array element is expected to contain one line
from the S<Adobe Glyph List>.

=item C<data>

Takes a scalar that is expected to contain the entire S<Adobe Glyph List> file.

=back

For convenience, you can pass the same parameters to the module's C<import()>
function, as exemplified in L</"SYNOPSIS">. It will croak if it encounters any
errors.

=head2 C<decode_glyph>

This function takes a list of strings, each containing whitespace separated
PostScript glyphs, and returns them concatenated as a single character string.

(You may want to memoize this function when processing large PostScript
documents.)

=head1 LIMITATIONS

The C<decode_glyph> function does not take the font into account and therefore
will produce incorrect results for glyphs from the I<ZapfDingbats> font.

=head1 AUTHOR

Aristotle Pagaltzis <pagaltzis@gmx.de>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2015 by Aristotle Pagaltzis.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
